In this industry, my wife became the boss behind the scenes,
Do you still have to live your own life? Sixteen homes,
Why not?
What kind of bullshit are you doing? In my face,
He can only eat cats?
Don't let me die in such a big way,
Why didn't you come all the way? I hope you will be happy,
People within the case,
Give him a drink as a gift, no need,
It’s not necessary, it’s healthy,
I'm no longer worthy of it. I don't want it anymore.
You come and these dogs come,
Leave it to you,
You say these
Rhythm Mao came here to celebrate today
You actually let Mao celebrate right away.
You haven't gone yet
What do you mean?
wish me personally
Now I have to run alone
I just want to know
He follows the rhythm everywhere
I have to do it like this Mr. Xiong
Celebrating many festivals, this celebration is coming soon
I've been out for a long time
It also has an extra rhythmic aspect to it
I gave you one called Fetch
Do you have any questions about the books here?